I was building a big boat with a lot of stuff on it, dont remember what else.

Alright, so what did i do today??? Well in English class we wrote a text with synonyms and shit, i wrote no synonyms (well maybe a few but yea) and i wanted to write shit and crap several times (like i.e. shitloads etc.) but i don't think the teacher would be so happy if i did. Ended up writing 989 words! I wanted to write more but time was out, it was a great story imo. A girl named Laura was walking through a forest when the ground disappeared, she fell to some dark land with a tree, in it were rotten fruits and a note telling her where to go, she ended up in her room.

Enough of that, we did more stuff. We got our first homework 🥳 It's German words, singular and plural stuff, and i got them added to my site, i really hope people use it...
I also made some bugfixes to the site, one where exercises didn't get created correctly, and one where i flashed messages that weren't viewed when supposed to.

We also had art today, we are going to make graffiti name signs, i couldn't really find a font i liked, first one i tried was too "harsh", to jagged etc. Second one i found was too spaced out and ugly, third one was what i wanted but i couldn't draw it. I also listened to some ivycomb :3

OH and of course, after English i skipped lunch and got picked up by my mom to go to our field in the village, and there i got to drive the combine! I got cheese and ham sandwiches and a cinnamon bun. I drove 3 "lines" or whatever and then dad drove me back to school for art. Grandpa was the one driving before and after, dad drove the wagon.

I don't know what else i did, but i'll write stuff down if i remember, gotta sleep tho...
Goals before, well just goals ig:
1. Get a skirt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! God i want it so bad and i'll look so good in one.
2. Get socks
3. Remove remaining hair
4. Get a skirt 🤔 i may *perhaps*, *perchance*, *maybe* like it (ofc i would)