I have no idea what i dreamt about ;) Well maybe something with a train station where i ran down some street and suddenly i was at a train station by the coast, idk tho.

Well forget that, today i woke up tired like crazy. In school we had math, we did a test that we do every time we start a new term (?), either that or when we start after summer. Whatever it was really easy.

History, god damn history. We did two forms first, i got the first one all correct, kinda easy since
1. All answers were yes
2. The guy next to me literally said they were, not quietly either so the teacher could easily have heard if he was close.
Well i knew the answers anyways (i promise). The second form was just clicking if something belonged in the american, french or industrial revolution (or neither), i got 21/25 correct, accepted was 7 for first (i got 10/10) and i think 14 or 16 for the second. Then comes the timeline, the fucking timeline. We talked more about the stuff that happened and i wrote down a page of notes, and it kinda helped with the timeline, but i still dont get what the structure of it should be `._.` But its coming along pretty nicely.

After that we had Swedish, we were talking about alot of stuff like paragraphs, subjects, some DO, IO stuff idk i forgot, we got some papers to mark what was what, and i got one wrong on all 4 (?) papers.

Lunch was fish burgers, i ate 3 (2 buns).

After lunch we had pe. we did some orientating and then we just chilled a bit, some time later we were going to the other side to take pictures for teachers and whatnot. We came there around 13:50, 20 min before my bus. Waited for the previous class to be done, took ~10 min, then me and the other person taking buses 10 past got to sit first, as to not miss them. At 14:05 the photographer was talking to us about poses and stuff. And then he was gonna start taking pictures, but when he tried to take pics of the person before me, he couldnt, guess why? He asked if someone knew about pc's (me!). He asked how to check space left, i opened explorer, 8 mb. He was like "i cant take any more pictures!" to the teacher and im standing there "yay i wont miss my bus!" but *no* he'll just delete some pics. Alright cant argue with that. He took the pics and it was now my turn, 14:08... Well the bus doesnt really go *on time* right, hes a bit late... *right?*. I forgot to mention, i tried calling my brother and the other guy that rides the bus if they could make him wait, no answer :/. Oh well, he took the (very good looking pics) and i just sprinted like crazy. Running straight for the bus stop to see if i could stop him to get my stuff (i had clothes in my hand but not laptop). Nope, empty, no bus, nobody. fuuuuuuuuuuck. I walked back to school and sent my mom a message, she said to call dad, i sent a message for the slightest chance of not having to call, he called me... oh well, he was gonna pick me up at the store's bus stop. And i got to ride tractor home yay :D. On the way to the store i saw the person in front of me waiting for their grandma xD. I rode home and then took the bike and here i am, waiting for Appolo (yes i spelled it wrong yesterday) to come back and play peak with me :)

And yes, this was actually not written before i go to bed :O
This might tho...
|
|
V
hello!