Well i knew what i dreamt about when i woke up all the times today, but my lazy ass didnt write it down.

Yay im supposted to go to sleep rn!

Anyways nothing special really happened today. Morning i ate bun with cheese and butter and marmalade. Then i proceeded to work on the pc, deleting files and whatnot. I didnt even do that the whole time, vacuuming a little and then just laying on the couch with my phone. Eventually lunch came, and we ate spaghetti and meatsauce, and our cousins (with pool) came, along with grandparents. But they were just going golfing so they didnt stay long. After i had eaten i went back to the pc, this time, i went through all files left a last time, along with the ones backed up, and then... wiped the system! yay! windows is no more! Oh and better yet, i installed arch btw. I had issues like:
- Forgetting i was gonna do btrfs not ext4
- System not booting cuz systemd-boot tried booting from non existent drive
Both of these led to me backtracking and reformatting the system and redoing all other steps, only fixed the first issue, latter was just an uuid i had set wrong in the config. Why is it called uuid, doesnt that stand for unique *user* identifier? udid, unique disk identifier. But for real just make it uid, unique identifier.
Oh well, after installing the system, i switched back and forth between it and the live usb, since i didnt have internet on the system (networkmanager was missing → cant use pacman → cant install networkmanager `._.`). I discovered all this when trying to install sudo.
I also learnt that you can log in as root instead of ur user in the tty, if you wanna do root stuff i guess. Was kinda useful *when you didnt have sudo installed...*
Anyways i got networkmanager and sudo installed, but before installing sudo i installed plasma. I also installed plasma-applications or whatever, so now i have as many packages on my fresh arch install as my somewhat old endeavouros install on my laptop. 1230 (pc) v. 1247 (laptop). I might purge some of them but for now they dont really matter, since none of them run on startup or anything, and ill probably find some useful! vlc wasnt in the group >:(
I also set up sudo to not require root password, cuz why ~~not~~? Nobody else is gonna use the pc, if you wanna run sudo you still need my user password, sudo pass is same anyways, if you have physical access you can do stuff much easier (my boot priority is literally 1. usb 2. sata 3. floppy/network or whatever) I also did some customization on plasma, but the login manager is 1. ugly asf, 2. not editable through plasma system settings, but i think that is due to missing a package called `sddm-kcm`. I also cant get kde connect to work between pc and laptop :(. I did some testing, and turns out the two pcs startup at about a ± 1 second difference, near nothing! both to get to sddm and to desktop. I also want to mention i kinda did all this with wiping the fs, installing arch etc. just because endeavouros installer didnt work, and i realized i had a lot of time on my hands today.
Anyways this was a monolith of text with no structure whatsoever, im gonna sleep/read now.