I dreamt that i went to sleep, and when i woke up the house has been completely redecorated with Christmas stuff, i do not know anything else about it other than the room we are supposed to have computers in has gotten renovated.

Alright, uhh (once again lol) today i remember i did some stuff but not what i did ;|
Well lets start at home, i wanted to make brownies but of course we dont have ingredients (specifically chocolate chips), well not to worry ill just go buy at the "nearby" store. Nope, they dont have it, atleast says it on their website but ill check tomorrow after/during school.

We did a thing in history today where we read in the book, watched a movie and then made like paper pieces with events and stuff on them like the constitution and whatnot. Well that's not the "fun" part, it was that i figured out you could take paper, fold it, press your nail along the edge, fold other way, press nail, and repeat like 4-6 times for big paper and 3 for small seams, and then just hold two hands on each side of the paper and pull apart as hard as you can, and the paper will break perfectly at the seam.

Idk what more i did, later during the day i went to the field where the combine was, i drive the tractor a bit (not unloading) and got to hook a wagon for the first (?) time! I also got a scratch in my arm due to hitting the door hinge when climbing into a tractor.

Oh and in school today, on p.e. we did some test, it was open book and had 10 questions, very easy. And after it we went to play some tennis, volleyball and other stuff (those that were done). And of course it ended right after the bus had gone. Well i told Jenny, who i was walking with and she told me that she passes by and i could go with them, perfect, i think. And i also joke that her parents or whatever might think im her bf (no way in hell but sure) and she was just like "nah they know i already have one, just not that he's 17" :O
Oh and while i was waiting for her parents to come i could resist showing her "friends" (or my friends if you can say that idk) some bk images for some reason. And i just scrolled the folder, boom "every decision in your life has led you to see this picture now" (the nasty one ofc) and ofc some others. Played it off as a meme dump i got from friends but in pretty sure she knows.
And while doing that i didnt notice that the person i was supposed to get a ride from has vanished. And its weird that i have issues talking to people. I mean i cant even trust that the closest people i have (in school, not so close :/) will lie to me :(
I mean i kinda lie a lot but i try to stop doing it so much (i feel like im getting some progress :D) but i still do it, may be same for her ¯⁠\⁠_⁠(⁠ツ⁠)⁠_⁠/⁠¯.

Oh and yea im sleeping with my car in my room, key word(s) *"in my room"* yea he hates being in bed :(

Yay i feel like i forget writing in the journal, Nope i wrote shit loads. Gonna sleep now tho :3