I was on some boat and eating, dont know... Then Gordon Ramsay was teaching our class how to cook, and he was speaking Swedish. Tf are my dreams bro 😭

Yet again im up late at night journalling, well not late but im up. 22:23 rn

Today was a boring ass day, i did wear my thigh highs to school again. They kept rolling down my legs but once i pulled them up (not so discretly) they were comfy af. I also brought normal socks and i went to the toilet to change them before and after p.e.

During pe(e) we did some pulse training thing, first measuring testing pulse, walking 1200m, jogging it and sprinting it. My results were 85, 110, 135, 195 (i think), it was exhausting af.

For lunch we ate potato, like patties? with bacon. It was tasty as hell. But the staff probably didnt plan for so many people to eat, so there was pretty much just enough for us last people, when i went to get a new fork (first one fell on the ground) i checked, and there were 4 potato things left, dunno how much bacon. And the people working there said there was no more left after that was gone.

I also did some work in [[Fursona making!!]]! Well i added color schemes and personality traits BUT WHO SAID IT HAS TO BE DONE QUICKLY??? hehe :3

Here comes the weekly-or-so-rant-about-anxiety:
I cant help but feel like the people i literally am with daily have made me get anxiety, i mean i dont even need to say a bad joke or anything, i just simply have to:
1. Exist (optional)
...and they just make fun of me one way or another, i mean, it might not seem that bad, but it has fucking ruined my social life or whatever :3

Im gonna (maybe) sleep now, journal/diary hybrid ;) (time is 22:37 rn btw :)