I dont remember exactly what i dreamt about, but i think it was about robbing something, and my team just couldnt figure something out.
In another dream i was in a spot in the woods or whatever and they had brought a wagon with a stage, and i had a rock we could use to Shield from the rain. Well then the rock also became a wagon and one friend wanted to combine them, it didnt end up well.

Test for git!! Alright i've set up git syncing with folders now yay :D

Alright i played on the server from that of it launching (i and others had issues joining since duckdns was down) to now at 22:00, which means i played for about 9hrs, which is kinda right accounting for eating etc (and moving the lawn around the house), so i think it was like 8 hrs really. Anyways, i found someone to team with. We placed some chest and raised a nearby village. I then found (with distant horizons) a Cherry Blossom sky Island, which i am now planning to move to. I went to a nearby trial chamber after seeing it on my map while mining. It took me a lot of deaths but i got some loot, no ominous stuff tho. I then went into the nether to get the world seed, but i never got enough time to check the 49 results from bedrock. I also helped one guy get a netherote upgrade template, but those two things in the nether yielded me more than 30 deaths total today. And thats about what i did today.

Oven pancake for lunch, pizza for dinner.
No work on the furry stuff, i tried a little bit couldnt. I got git sync to work, as previously mentioned. It now syncs all folders, not just the journal one. (All being this one, journal that is, and "furry stuff")