I was in a world with some other people, and we were going to heist it, we went inside and immediately someone with a huge nmgun stopped us, they also had a president as a capture. Everyone also got some torture device that would get tigheter with every persons click on a button, and we kept meeting new people so :/ once again wtf lol

I dont remember much of today (yes its night rn) but what i do remember is during English today, Ignas (:O) figured out you could connect the laptop to the room tv via bt. Wow so cool. Anyways he sent a pairing request, and the teacher, like most of them, didnt read shit on the popup and just clicked accept. Like bruh you gotta read before you click??? But yea thats pretty common, u could prob send a fishing email to them and most would click the link you add, and just take (the horrible) html of the communal system login page or whatever (literally an image, two inputs, one checkbox and a submit button, i dont think there is any styling lol), and boom, youve got most do the teachers credentials. God i really wanna try it now, but im a good guy :P

Uhh idk what else, i got picked up from school today, and on the way home we met that guy who rides his bike with his phone. And my mom freaking slowed down next to him and waves and whatnot like bruh, im so fucked if he says something, the people in 9th grade are horrible. I literally walked into one guy when trying not to disturb their ping pong game and if he have had a weapon, or heck even a newly sharpened pencil on him, he wouldve killed me, like im sorry but i dont want to make more people than you mad by running the game :(

We went to a food festival at the castle with bakery (idk how to describe), it was really empty, i ate bread and oil, and some crackers bro. When i went to the crackers guy after eating bread-and-fucking-oil noone followed with me so i greeted him (or whatever you say) and after i said hi i looked at him, bro was dead silent for a solid 2 seconds. Anyways i guess i didnt want to come off as a bad person so i asked (my mom, not him ffs) if we could buy some chili mayonnaise or whatever crackers. Idk why he'd see me as weird, i mean thats kinda dumb seeing a 14 yr old as weird but sure my mind is a bit fucked in social environments. Forgot to mention that we also got popcorn and coffee (i didnt take coffee duh). Anyways we then went to a burger stall, but noone was there, he was standing and talking to someone else, whatever, my dad said i wanted a burger, and he went into the wagon or whatever. He then asked if i wanted a box with 3 small 50g burgers instead, and me, being the extroverted and socially confident guy i am, just said "sure". Anyways i got one cheeseburger, one with onion and mayonnaise or smth, and one with curry?? Or chutney or whatever i forgot. The first one (going with order i mentioned them) was awesome, second was tolerable but hot af, and third was **not** good, it tasted way too much like curry or whatever.

After all that we went to grandma, also bringing the neighbours, my brother was playing ice hockey, so he came later, and i just say there bored af eating peanut snacks. I eventually asked to go inside, where i had my laptop, and i just played solo peak, i suck at mousepad gaming. After a while was dinner, it was literally a christmas meal with meatballs and that potato thing... Only the bread was good. Then i played some more peak and eventually Roblox, and then i had to move from the couch, then we ate some really good apple pie and then i just played a little, turns out im pretty good at playing ragdoll universe on a mousepad, i got like 3 wins of 6 games, two were elim, mustve been more than 3 but idk. I got ~7k points one round. After playing that for a while i just doomscrolled reddit until we where going home.

And uuh yea thats about it, there is (or atleast was) a mosquito in my room once again, but i think its gone now. Holy shit its late. My dad just walked in on me not sleeping and my dumbass put the phone on the mattress like it matters. Bro im so stupid, and im pretty sure you could see it anyways, he asked what i was doing and i was just like "looking at my phone" 😭 Anyways gonna try to sleep fr now. What fucked up dreams will i have tonight 🤔