I dreamt that i was carrying a bunch of materials for building a house.

Alright, here we go:
Firstly lets start with my drawing that i brought to school (the furry Fox one idk if i wrote it down), i ended up showing some people it and they didnt react (not sure what reaction i wanted but i was happy :D)

In Swedish class i sat with Niva and Veronika (:O i named someone again, 2 and 3rd time) anyways, Lilly (4th) also say with us, on a neighbouring table but sure, and she told us she was really good at seeing what people do or whatever, she saw that i change behavior if im with the other guys or im in another situation (i kinda knew that), we also discussed how Jenny (alr ill stop :P) is annoying and searches for fame. In the group room or whatever behind us the 4 annoying guys sat, and they were loud af, i went to close the door to them, but every time i did i fsr just *had* to use a weird voice, why do i do this???

Oh and in the morning i asked what the people were doing in textile crafts, pyjamas pants, fucking love it, well i was too afraid to ask to switch, so this is my life now, i mean i love the extra challenge, and yet, im not making a *full* fursuit, only a partial, but i have decided to switch to textile if:
1. They are doing something with seeing machine, and 
2. Im making a full fursuit 

I mean i probably am making one **if i can get a fursona** :3 And yet, i *could* ask her for help (the teacher), and as im writing this i realise im a fucking dumbass. Why not ask *someone who has textile crafts* 🤯🤯 I mean it could be really fun having someone (who doesnt mind me being a *gay furry-femboy™*, holy shit i can not believe it myself) over and sewing with, if they can even fathom making a fursuit lol. Bruh from being crazy in love with like 3 different girls that have been in my class, to this??? What the hell lmao.

Other stuff, we got an announcement that we were going to get books for reading, i got that feeling in my stomache that i get when someone says something i relate to or whatever (i know what i mean, but others reading, Hello and wtf?), anyways i got that feeling and was like *how tf an i supposed to get the book i want? (Heartstopper for those following at home)*. Oh well, physics came, we went down there, i scouted the books, still only book 3 and 5? What happened to the others, Oh well, i asked if English books were ok, teacher said done, but preferably Swedish, i can work with that, aint nobody gonna tell me "*yOU cAnT reAd tHAT bOoK iN EnGlisH!!1!*" reading that book. Well here comes Melvin (:P) and he goes something along the lines of "*yea lemme loan that book*" or "*yea that ones good*", not at all what he said but you get it. And i got that feeling again, and was like, "*yea when you say that ima take it, just because*" 🤯 Megamind over here bro. I took it, everyone noticed ofc, i mean i didnt see anyone but come on. Went to the classroom to read it, yay Swedish lessgo. And holy fucking shit, i ***promise*** i was blushing that while time reading it, playing it off as "*why the hell did i take this book? Oh no!*" but it was so good, i mean one page took 5.8 seconds to read so i got through like a fourth of the book that one period. But damn was it good. And then i think Cealah () walked by, and holy shit, my look up from the book on her and her look down on me and my book. Yea one more person knows. I bet i was red as superheated iron on my face and the look up didnt make it better. When the teacher went out of the classroom i yelled a little at Melvin (bro i cant stop these parenteses) like "*why did i pick this book*", that helped literally nothing 😭. I told him again when we were taking books for the lesson and he didnt give a fuck. Bro im so cooked, but so far, the people that have heard it/figured it out or whatever havent been homopyobic 🥳. But yea we'll see their true colors later. Its just a matter of time before the fucking teachers know bro.

Lets stop writing in that block of text, but still about that... Well so far i dont think there is anyone who i see as cute **and** nice. There are some that fit either one or the other, but i want bother mentioning, itll get weird.

Anyways we were also on the boats today eating shrimp, we were there for 3 rounds. I ate almost nothing, some shrimp and some cheese. But i drank 3 glasses of pepsi (before i realised it wasnt pepsi max 😿). We also saw some tuna, they were huge. The whole crew (almost) went out on deck to watch them. And i also thought about that guy we met on the ferry from Germany last year, and i want to remember him as cute... :/ like idk for sure but man idk.

Fuck theres a mosquito in my room. Alr, not much else happened. A lot of teachers were away today, so we had some substitutes. And oh we had music with the German teacher today, it was horrible, i found a good song on the piano in the first room, song 50, it was good, some orchestra stuff. We also had ensemble, but the teacher refused to sing or keep the pace for us, it went to shit. I started singing a little, it didnt work (we had song before that and i wanna say that im actually really good at singing :3) then i went up to keep the pace with the freaking bongo things, Algot also came 🙄. That also didnt work, eventually Sofia also came, i put on a music video with text and kept the pace with the bongo (couldnt find the pedal thing) and Algot pointed on the board, it went pretty well. After that the lesson ended. 6/10 compared to others :|

Anyways not much more to write **OTHER THAN THAT I WORE MY THIGH HIGHS TO SCHOOL TODAY!?!?!!?!!??‽‽‽** Nobody noticed and i resisted the urge to tell anyone. It was sweaty af inside after a while and they eventually crawled below my knees... But that happened after i had also worn them on the boat. I am gonna do it again tmre since i am taking the same pants, and im also taking the hoodie :3. Imagine in a couple of months when i go in tshirt, hoodie, thigh highs and skirt :3c But idk if ill ever get that confidence, one thing is for sure tho, everyone will know my title before summer next year. 100%

Anyways this has been my longest journal entry ever, 1243 words in fact holy fucking shit bro. Oh fucking shit i remembered now, i have gymnastics tmrw, ima bring normal socks too and switch class before p.e, gymnastics or whatever. Wish me luck and gn.
