Shit uhh haven't written anything today. Never remembered my dream, which sucks but oh well. We had p.e. in school today, i forgot my shoes `._.` and had to use crocs (I mean im not complaining). Also like 2 ppl at lunch today asked if i was gay... i just said yeah in the least serious tone i could i guess, not sounding actually like convincing or whatever, but not making it sound fully as a joke :3
What else? The hair on my legs itches like fuck but i still kinda don't wanna show that i have "the solution".
Oh and i beat deltarune ch. 1 :D
Shit uhh i forgot to write yesterday (gonna add but might aswell type here aswell), yesterday on the bus, my brother was just like (since i had cookies or whatever): "if you dont give me a cookie ima tell mom ur gay" and i was just like shocked lmao. He probably knows (i mean he jokes about it alot)
Anyways gonna go to sleep now :3
Oh and i cuddled my long pillow yesternight (?) and it was so nice, god if that could be another guy raah >:3
I keep getting shit to write down now, so here we go:
I feel like it would be 254.38% easier to write about my summer if i had journaler during it, but i didnt and low and behold its hard af :/
Today during history, we had a presentation to make IN 30 MINUTES, and ofc my brain was just not having it, going into panic mode and then just removing my reading comprehension skills completely, i couldnt understand half of what i was reading, and i had to get into for a presentation with a deadline IN 30 MIN like what? Well when we were supposed to be done me and my partner were FIRST, cuz y not. I was stressing the fuck out when talking and waiting and standing etc. but it turned out amazing, he complemented it and we went back to our spot. And we were supposed to take notes of the other groups, and i notes down the least important stuff, they said something, i wrote it down, they switched image or whatever and i pausen, and the teacher goes "now this is a very important part to remember", well in fucked for the test, anyways how was ur weekend? :)
Yea ima sleep now, and of course as i am writing this i come up with new shit yay :D read here [[August 18 2025]] (bottom)