I was on a huge course riding on the road, dont know anything else?

In school we started with going to the food court and listening to some person talking about the work places we are going to do week 42, it took til 9:30, we then had music, maths, lunch was potato and meat or smth in cubes yk, we then had history (?), physics and swedish. On the physics we were assigned to go outside with thermometers and get the highest temp of something outside, our team took a black iron door, and got 52°C, another team took the "grass" (or the black pellets in it) on the big football pitch and got 54°C. Another team broke two thermometers, and one person in it said to dump them in some bollard, but i said i'll take them, i handed them to the teacher and he didn't really care. (The teacher is rly good btw), on the swedish we did some reading thing, i almost fell asleep (either due to lack of sleep or cuz i didn't eat shit for lunch)

I played deltarune at home (after eating a microwave pizza) and got the last key bit, got to the chamber in castle and opened it, and holy shit, is that fight hard (still haven't beaten it

I also got to trim the hair on my legs, not really shave but its awesome, a shit load of hair came off.

The mb mc server is now accepting mod recommendations, i sent one, but it is both server and client depended so that got scrapped :/

I also cant stop thinking now about how weird it might be that im suddenly active in this, but of course it isnt, i hate this so much raaahhh >:(

Forgot to add, my brother "threatened" to tell my mom that im gay if i didnt give him a cookie on the bus, shocked me a lot.

Yet again, forgot to add. At lunch "today" my friend told me that the guy we sat at "yesterday" had told the other guy we were sitting with that we hung out with lesbians, firstly, ok? weird af saying that but aint nothing weird about that (i wanted to say "Oh i hope you dont think that is weird since you hang out with a gay" so bad, but didnt for obvious reasons), secondly, it gets explained to me that it was a joke that the guy said that, someone said it, but they dont know who (some "Liam" guy), so it WASNT the guy we sat at, all this after i (indirectly) called him an asshole. Yea i wonder why i ~~dont like~~ cant talk to people 🤔.

Writing this [[August 20 2025]] but whatever, i forgot to add (i think this was the date lol) that the, ill call him "homophobic guy" cuz i hate writing names fsr and it kinda fits him, i kinda made a huge thing today imo, here's the story:
We were in physics class and we had just done an experiement about putting soda cans with boiling water in cold water to watch them imploding, well the group that was on my assigned seat had spilled shitloads of water, like a liter somehow, and the girl in the group (well one of them, since it was a girlie-group (lol what) took their computer bag and started wiping the water?? what? well i ran to get paper and dried it up, and then i saw one guy sitting close to the trash can, i told him to catch the paper as i threw it (he didnt), lo and behold the teacher saw it and told me to not do that. And of *course* the homophobic guy just *had* to say:
- Hey do you want me to tell ur mentor?
My (epic) response:
- Shut the fuck up (in swedish ofc)
He said *"sorry"*?!‽?!‽?!‽?!‽?!‽ Holy what? idk why he said it if he meant it or no but i have **never** heard him say that word **EVER**.
Holy macaroni i write a lot.