Idk, i remember something about trading stuff for like a chair. And being in school and there being stuff like pool with gold ball instead and a laser cutter in one room and well nothing else, but there was stuff.Ill just journal rq, uh we had history again, we wrote some stuff down and talked about it, we also read during that 20 min so it wasnt that long nor that bad. We then had oh wait no we had a test in math, it was pretty easy but i got stuck on the easiest question fsr, we then had swedish test just now and i sat 30 minutes not doing anything, well almost, since i was done pretty quick , it wasnt too bad, when erik wanted to go to the toilet in the middle of it, the teacher asked if he had given his phone this morning to the thing yk, and he said no and that he had it at home, the teacher said that he has to do that in order to go to the toilet next time cuz he might cheat?? he did get to go tho. Anyways we are eating spaghetti today for lunch, same as yesterdays dinner. And thats about it, i just wanted to journal now before going since after ima have pe and not have time to.

During pe we didnt have to change, and we played either volleyball or pingpong the whole time, although the class was just 30 min since the teacher had meetings with his students.

At home i fibbled around to try and get Fortnite working on my pc, i ended up installibg Chrome and using Xbox Cloud Gaming. I played with Melvin and then i went to eat meat and fries with sauce. It was good. Oscar also booked Laserdome today.
Oh and on the bus home i read some entries for Vidar and Sofia, it was fun.

Oh idk if i mentioned this but ima get to sleep at my grandmas tmrw after the whole thing. Tmrw is a better day for sure. I cant wait!!

Oh a d before i went to sleep today i found my Wii and the sensor bar, i tried building a battery supply for it but it never worked :(