I dreamt about a competition of sorts where using magnets underground would give an unfair advantage. So after a while of playing me and someone else took two cars and drove to an airport. We also called each other to be able to speak through all the noise. Anyways we went down in a basement (i think this was before going in the airport) and in there we thought we met Greta Thunberg? We got it wrong and ran in a hallway down there and eventually ended up in the really long airport. We went from one end to the other waiting for the floor to start curving to gain access to the place where you can go underground. While waiting we decided to take two vehicles and drive somewhere. I took some one wheeled motorcycle and the other person took a weirder version of mine. Mine could go 150 km/h and theirs could go 1000 km/h. We eventually went to refuel at a farm, and on the final bit of road my vehicle ran out of fuel and so i had to carry it. While doing that, two cars came, they looked like one we have at home and one that the other person had at home. We realized that and somehow got into the last one of the two. In there i tried to install a superhero mod to drive faster but couldnt. And thats where it ends. Ill also add that i sometimes (before going) had moments where i could visualize what the cheating looked like underground. It was in a small corridor with a hole of water you could sot in. And they had a wooden stick shaped like a hammer with one small cylinder and one big cylinder. I also went down there once and found a cheater and stopped them. The game was some kind of spinner on a pole that spun like 60° only, and then there were two teams with a fair amount of people, so it didnt matter if two left.
I also dreamt about eating oranges with my cousins and their mom asking if someone had taken an orange from someone else, i said i had given that person one (slice not fully orange)
Now that i think of it i also had a third one of holding the shut off button on my phone and asking it to screenshot something as to not get detected. Idk what tho...

Holy shit that is the longest dream entry yet, right??

Alright its now 17:30, so far today i have eaten 6 small baguettes with cheese and marmalade for breakfast, macaronies with meat sauce from yesterday (not the regular, its mid tbh). And i also watched some youtube, the entire wall e movie. And i am now our in the workshop with my mom. The laser goggles they bought are not rated for use with the laser on 100%, but they are good for locating and stuff yk. So ive been engraving (one test piece...) and im now trying to connect the engraver over wifi through the vm. The reason i can type this is because im shitting rn.

I also thought about watching the Truman show or superintelligence, but since my mom was home we did other stuff.