I dreamt about watching a movie about a party, and yet again i eventually was in it. There were like those Thiefs from the movie and stuff idk what to say, it ended with a planning of the outside which had a port and some bumpy grass idk. I also dreamt about being able to fly by jumping and moving my legs a certain way in the wind. But i didnt Lucid dream, i fell back asleep...
Alright i havent journaled for a lil now. We started with german, we got new places t o sit. For some weird reason the teacher put all the guys on one side and the girls on the window row. We did some stuff in the work book there.
We then had math,  we sat with the places we got yesterday there (its in the food house, idk what to call it) And mine is pretty good (i sit in front of niva yk, theyre fun to talk with) During math we did some volume and geomtry stuff ( we did geometry im on volumes)
We then had tech, we had a test which was prettty easy. I got done pretty quickly since i had to leave early (spoiler alert, it was unnecessary) to go to the vision store (wtf is it called??) and check my vision to drive car. It went perfect, first thing i did was some scan or whatever and i got to see that house image! it was cool how i recognized it :)
I then came in the middle of swedish, and we did the book stuff, i didnt do much since it was almost ending. Then we ate pasta and paprika sauce for lunch. After lunch i played volleyball with melvin alwin niva jenny veronika (she was here today) and adam, aswell as sinna (nivas sister, idk if i mentioned) and her firned but they left, it also started raining a bit.
Now we have english and once again ignas is behaving like a fucking child, he took headphones and is watching ai videos on his laptop?? hes a joke
Oh and we also checked results for the truman show text we did and i along with some others like melvin got A, ignas got C, he just doesnt fokus correctly. OK i now see that it isnt ai video hes watching but wth doesnt matter.
