I dont remember my dreams :<
I woke up tired asf aswell, i didnt put my phone away after falling asleep (well before but whatever), luckily it was off and not even in my journal.

I have no idea how im gonna return the book, ill probably ask if Melvin wants to go return it before lunch or something.

I also fixed and issue i had with the phone and GitHub being stupid, not allowing me to push not pull. I just reinstalled obsidian...

I was walking to the first class, history, and i eyed down the goth, emo whatever girl in 9th class and she saw me, i didnt mean to, i was looking at the stair and she walked by so my eyes locked on her omg i feel so bad rn.

Well i just quit school, i kinda just do this now. Anyways ill start with saying that i asked the librarian if the library was open since she walked by, and she shook her head. Later tho i saw people in there, so it was open?? Well i didnt return the book, will have to do tmrw.

During history we did a form 😭 And we also got assigned to do a presentation about either Germany or Italy when they were united. I started getting worried that the deadline might be too close. Nah its just next class, nothing big... I did like nothing this one either. And the next class is tomorrow so i gotta do at home today if i want to at all. God i hope i misheard "next class".

Right as im writing that Elisabeth goes by on her bike and i realised something. Everytime someone mentions my name or does anything else to get my attention, i always act with confusion? Like why? God im so weird.

After lunch (we didnt get hamburgers today, since the other guys had to ruin it by asking too early) i sat at one of the round tables in the "main hallway". And there was a girl in the couch right next to me (someone had moved the table) who was a poor attempt at looking good (can i say that 😭). Suddenly me and Melvin started smelling something burning and he said it smelled like a vape, i think it was Alwin who thought it was the home economics class smelling, i went and checked, Nope. And then the girl pulls out her blueberry asshole flavour vape from her backpack. She doesnt hit it, but flexes it like what. I told Melvin it was confirmed to be blueberry but he probably didnt get it.

Well ive waited so long to journal where i have forgotten most things. I pretty much always stop writing once i get on the bus, i forget...

Well anyways i played more islands today and i sold more stuff and had more people over. And then the guy i was helping yesterday's sister joined, and at first both seemed fine, the he wanted me to kick her, and then i kicked him, and then she left and he joined back. Her ipad had apparently been taken and my 6 gilded axes i loaned were gone. (For now)
I also built a red light green light minigame then ran two rounds and demolishing it again, too stressful running minigames. I gave prices of 50 mil, but one guy complained about it being to little. I ended up getting rid of probably more than 100 mil today, but i also earned more than that. I also found something weird, the red bronze refinery that was hooked up with one copper and one gold source had 14 ingots, while the second one with 2x the input only had 1, turns out the guy had been stealing from me... I told him that i literally wouldnt mind giving him them for free. He also said stuff like "yea ill just take these seeds then" and "ill get more pineapple crates" as if he owned the island. I should probably not allow him on again...

Anyways, i got 2 people to start using my site today, and i found a strange bug. In the admin panel i should be able to see the newest user, but it showed someone else? It has worked *every single time* during testing, but now it breaks?? I also gotta add an exercise creator, it is hell making exercises manually. Im thinking of having it on a separate page, and then just downloading the finished html and uploading again, or have some kind of upload mechanism that reroutes or just a whole new form, i will see what ill do.

In english class we watched the rest of the truman show, and in the end when he said "and if i dont see you again, good afternoon good evening and good night" and then walked out was crazy good, god its such a good movie and i WILL rewatch it. We also did homework there (trained) and i told the teacher about the site and she asked if i wanted to tell the class (that i had sent via mail), i said im too much of a coward and she bought it and did it for me.
My genious ass also sent two links in the mail, one with the cloudflare one that never "runs out", and the other one being the ngrok one which has a monthly limit. I said the one for cloudflare was for phones since it "ran faster", since it just doesnt work on the school laptops, only mine (and maybe the teachers), maybe if i get a new url it works? Anyways the site works as far as it should, uploading exercises, correcting and viewing exercise answers, creating accounts, editing exercises via admin and settings for owner, heck even the chat works AND THE NOTIFICATION SYSTEM (well not push notifications but you get a box when u get a message). I have only tried the update exercise html admin function, but i will test more.

Ive also been thinking about coming out a bit more, my mom said she was gonna give a syrringe to a cow (or whatever you say idk) and asked if i wanted to come, i thought about telling her about myself during that (of course i said yes to come, but we never went, she will go another day, idk if i can come, and i probably wont come out, ima wait until i get a bf, i gotta go out more!!!)

Anyways im gonna sleep now. I remember when i thought about writing a diary, but then thinking it was too late. Well here i am (even though i dont call this a diary, its a JOURNAL, but whats the difference)