I was in a pretty normal world, i remember being at someone elses house a lot. I also remember that we, along with others went to a spot to discuss like projects. I then got a bunch of stuff too. When i was over at that persons house one time a girl and her mom came to "get her phone". After they came back (we were at the top floor) we ran and took her backpack, and in it was my stuff.

Today i woke up late af, at like 11 o clock. My brother and his friend went to golf or smth after that, and i played some games. We then went to the cows in the nature or whatever idk what to say. And we were meeting a shitload of people to then eat with, we ate at the pizza place, i ate a hamburger. After that me and my dad went to shop and then go home, we were going to one store, but on the way there we found the same one but closer, so we took that one instead and then went home. Everyone else came after a while, and i played mc at home since they apparently liked that game. After we ate sandwiches all of them went home except for one kid and his dad. We were in the lego room (well all kids were but then only one stayed since others went home) for a while aswell, Then we ate meat and rice and sauce, except the kid, he ate meatballs and rice + ketchup 🤢
We then went and watched a (boring, but still interesting or smth) movie. And thats where we are now. I am watching the movie and writing this.

Well i literally havent done anything other than that, but i am printing a chain puzzle thing for him of bulbasaur (he loves pokemon).

Well now while i was just sitting here doing nothing the people i "was with" on the bus yesterday ([[September 12 2025]]) called and said goodnight? Well ofc im thinking why?? I will for sure ask them when we come back to school.